Lucan Karate website Grading Syllabus

from:
https://lucankarate.com/grading/

Grading
A grading is an examination of a students progress. Gradings help to ensure that students are developing their basic skills and techniques, and that they can employ those skills. Each gradings builds in difficulty, as students progress through the karate grades/belts.

Grading events are held at regular intervals throughout the year. There is approximately three months between gradings for beginners to purple belts. Brown belt gradings are usually every 6 months. The following criteria are important when students are selected for grading:

They must be training regularly – beginners at least once a week, orange belts and above at least twice a week, brown belts and above as many classes as possible
They must know the appropriate grading kata
Each grading builds on the work performed in earlier gradings, and adds additional techniques.
A grading usually consists of a short class, a small break and then the grading proper. During a grading, students are called out in belt colour order. A grading usually takes between 60 and 90 minutes, depending on how many students are eligible.

Grading Components
Each grading is composed of three sections. A group of 4 or 6 students are out and then perform the sections in order:

Kihon
The student performs basic techniques up and down the floor, that demonstrate stances, kicking, punches and blocks.

Kata
Th students performs a predefined sequence of moves. The moves must be performed in the correct order and with good technique and timing.

Kumite
The students perform in pairs. One student will execute a variety of predefined punches and kicks, which the other student must block and counter. At higher belts the attacks and counters are performed “free-style”

Grading / Karate Belt Progression
Current Belt	Kata	Kihon	Kumite
White / Beginner	Kihon Kata	Oi tsuki
Jodan age uke
Chudan soto uke
Mae geri	Sanbon or Gohon Kumite attacking with jodan oi tsuki and chudan oi tsuki
Orange (9 Kyu)	Heian Shodan	As previous grading plus:
Chudan uchi uke
Shuto uke
Yoko geri keage
Yoko geri kekomi
(same as previous grading)

Red (8 Kyu)	Heian Nidan	As previous grading plus:
Age uke, gyaku tsuki
Soto uke, gyaku tsuki
Uchi uke, gyaku tsuki	(same as previous grading)

Yellow (7 Kyu)	Heian Sandan	As previous grading plus:
Sanbon tsuki
Soto uke, empi uchi	Kihon ippon kumite with jodan and chudan oi tsuki attacks from right and left sides

Green (6 Kyu)	Heian Yondan	As previous grading plus:
Age uke, gyaku tsuki, gedan bari
Soto uke, empi uchi, uraken
Uchi uke, kizami tsuki, gyaku tsuki
Shoto uke nukite	as previous grading plus:
chudan mae geri attack

Purple (5 Kyu)	Heian Godan	as previous grading plus:
Soto uke, empi uchi, uraken, gyaku tsuki
Shuto uke, mae geri, nukite
Yoko geri kekomi (from zenkutsu dachi)
Mawashi geri	as previous grading plus chudan yoko geri kekomi attack

Purple/White (4 Kyu)	Tekki Shodan	as previous grading plus:
Soto uke, empi uchi, uraken, gyaku tsuki, gedan barai
Uchi uki, kizame tsuki, gyaku tsuki, gedan barai
Ushiro geri	as previous grading plus:
jodan mawashi geri attack

Brown (3 Kyu)	Bassai Dai	as previous grading plus:
Mae geri, oi tsuki, gyaku tsuki
Yoko geri, uraken, gyaku tsuki
Mawashi geri, uraken, gyaku tsuki
Ushiro geri, uraken, gyaku tsuki	Jiyu ippon kumite attacking with jodan and chudan oi tsuki, chudan mae geri, chudan yoko geri, jodan mawashi geri and chudan ushiro geri . All attacks are with the right side only.

Brown/White (2 Kyu)	Bassai Dai	as previous grading plus:
Kizami tsuki, oi tsuki, gyaku tsuki
Mae geri, yoko geri, mawashi geri, ushiro geri, uraken, gyaku tsuki	as previous grading
Brown/Double White (1 Kyu)	Bassai Dai
AND
Any Heian Kata or Tekki Shodan	Kizame tsuki, oi tsuki, gyaku tsuki
Mae geri, oi tsuki, gyaku tsuki
Yoko geri, uraken, gyaku tsuki
Mawashi geri, uraken, gyaku tsuki
Ushiro geri, uraken, gyaku tsuki
Mae geri, yoko geri, mawashi geri, ushiro geri, uraken, gyaku tsuki
Mae geri, oi tsuki, gyaku tsuki, step back gedan barai, gyaku tsuki, yoko geri, uraken, oi tsuki
Same leg mae geri, yoko geri, ushiro geri	Jiyu Ippon Kumite attacking with jodan and chudan oi tsuki, chudan mae geri, chudan yoko geri, jodan mawashi geri and chudan ushiro geri
Jiyu Kumite

TIP for Beginners/White belts
After every grading students like to wear the next belt in their karate progression for photographs. Beginners might like to purchase an orange belt one week or so in advance of the event, so that they are prepared. Students who have graded before are aware of this and usually come prepared. Also, all students must attend the examination in a karate suit.
